New fixes in Nordic, M5Stick and STM B-L475E (#66)
AVSystem/developer-zone: docs/Anjay_integrations/Anjay_Nordic_integration/Thingy91.md

     - In the **Security mode** section, select the **Pre-Shared Key** mode:
         - In the **Key identity** field, type `test_device`
         - In the **Key** field, type the shared secret used in the device-server authentication.

        !!! Note

>             This is your own password which you will need further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            This is your own password which you will need in the next steps.
```
